Thinking in a plain simple traditional thinking where we just take those and keep with us.

We read from books and thinking from books but just still we keep as ususla and we have no issues with anything.

So , such as simple Traditional thiking leads to inventing of the devices which leads to thinking towards to the level of same understdaing the highest level of non- traditional towards traditional too.

Traditional which means , 

Living as a project as seen there that is one of the example, 
Living as i have taken the example and now also where we move on that same traditional rather than enslaving ourself.

This is clear and understandble we can onbserve as usual as said.
This is just move on and thinking likewise.


Traditional = Thiking Simple - Plain.

Simple projects . Such as already completed.

Project Comm English 
Project SpaRic Cation

These are two projects which are related towards to the thinking which leads us into level of understanding how we learn and be with.

Communication , Effective Pronounciation , Phonetic , Vocabulary and Grammer>

These all are which kind of clearly thinking and Logical reasoning , critical thinking and more.

I can only say that , when we are having clear and Traditional thinking then only we will be into level of thinking the same where complete level of understanding clearly and clearly happening and thinking and understaning .
Traditional Thinking only leads to level of understanding into high level 

Traditional level of house building leads to Happy life.
African living how they live and how they are with level of thinking and understanding there and also how we can be with these keep learning and living there.
This is one of the simplest and thinking method and this only comes when we thinking alone.


Traditional thinking menthods


Traditional will lead to sucess and the rest will won't and even those rest will leads to thinking into weird thinking anyhow.
Traditional thinking is always supportive and understandable.

